and this is a video about how people
need to stop making a science out of an
art okay so for all the things that I
could use as an example to prove my
point I chose cod because well it seems
to be the most obvious let's get a few
things straight I'm a pretentious wanker
at times and probably think too much
about this than is healthy for a normal
person but as I've mentioned before I'm
a bit of a weirdo with one those brains
that stays open for business at all
hours like your local 24-hour last
refuge for the hopeless supermarket the
similarity doesn't end there just like
say the supermarket my brain contains
many thoughts that are cheap tasty and
not that good for you so with that I'm
going to offer up my latest serving if
what is to philosophy like the Big Mac
is to fill at stake one of the benefits
of knowing oneself to be a bit of a tool
is that you understand that everything
in the universe is not catered to you if
fucking well should be but it isn't my
taste in gaming especially first-person
shooters is to have as many exciting 1v1
encounters as possible as I trust my
will practice skill set to win me the
majority this is where I get my joy this
is what made me fall in love with cod
for running and gunning with an mp5 on
vacant smacking TDM lobbies like they
just said that who were a shit band
don't ever do that by the way it make me
angry you wouldn't like me when I'm
angry Hulk smash who right now i'm back
in Bruce Banner mode i'll continue that
free flowing form of the game is what i
like best and it's beyond nobody's
understanding when i say that ghost is
far from that i'm not going to complain
about the game i actually don't think
there's much wrong with it apart from
the oversized maps and shitty spawns
both of those are fixable know what I
really see is the lingering cancer that
is my lung of enjoyment is us you and me
well more you than me to be fair I'm of
course not referring to the manly stud
like heroes and the stunning fresh-faced
beautiful women who watch my videos I'm
of course talking to the lean glitch
corner hugging ID spamming gaming
bureaucrats during one of my long lazy
musings or I should have been doing
something important moments I thought
occurred to me that seems so perfectly
true I must share it with you it's
probably complete bollocks but it's fun
so let's go with it of all the reasons
to play like swats I could find only one
treaty satisfactory answer that went
beyond calling them faggot like every
other xbox live user I'm a creative
person I find for more pleasing than
result to speak like a cliche football
pundit for a second it's not whether you
win or lose it's how you play the game
in my world there is only joy and
rushing and out gunning in Kim strikes
and sunshine and rainbows and naked hot
chicks or maybe not that last bit but
you get the drift but not everyone is me
some people are all about the win in
that impossibly small minded hard-nosed
way
they'll do anything to get that win even
if it means i'm going to play like a
twat these people are turning my art
into their science mercilessly telling
themselves or if I stay here and don't
move that my risk to kill percentage
goes up and my accuracy levels are well
within acceptable parameters dot dot dot
as a human being and a free thinker I
have to appreciate that life isn't best
without variation or there's more to the
truth than just how I see it but this is
fucking Cod fam stop fucking up for
everybody go manage your fucking paper
clip collection somewhere else a woman